DOC-9416 PR #116664 - sql/contention: turn on sql.contention.record_serialization_conflicts… (#18507)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/v24.1/ui/insights.md

All transaction executions flagged with this insight type will display a **Transaction with ID {transaction ID} waited on** section which provides details of the blocking transaction execution.
1. [**Failed Execution**](#failed-execution):
Certain transaction executions flagged with this insight type will display a **Failed Execution** section with **Conflicting Transaction** and **Conflicting Location** information. The following 3 conditions are required:

>   - The [`sql.contention.record_serialization_conflicts.enabled`]({{ link_prefix }}cluster-settings.html#setting-sql-contention-record-serialization-conflicts-enabled) cluster setting is set to `true`(default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The [`sql.contention.record_serialization_conflicts.enabled`]({{ link_prefix }}cluster-settings.html#setting-sql-contention-record-serialization-conflicts-enabled) cluster setting is set to `true` (default).
```

Author: updated

|[`sql.contention.event_store.capacity`]({{ link_prefix }}cluster-settings.html#setting-sql-contention-event-store-capacity)                                   | The in-memory storage capacity of the contention event store in each nodes.                                                                                                                   | [Transaction executions](#transaction-executions-view)               |
|[`sql.contention.event_store.duration_threshold`]({{ link_prefix }}cluster-settings.html#setting-sql-contention-event-store-duration-threshold)                         | The minimum contention duration to cause contention events to be collected into the `crdb_internal.transaction_contention_events` table.                                                      | [Transaction executions](#transaction-executions-view)               |

> |[`sql.contention.record_serialization_conflicts.enabled`]({{ link_prefix }}cluster-settings.html#setting-sql-contention-record-serialization-conflicts-enabled) | enables recording `40001` errors with conflicting txn meta as `SERIALIZATION_CONFLICT` contention events into `crdb_internal.transaction_contention_events`<br><br>Default: `true` | [Transaction executions](#transaction-executions-view)               |

Reviewer: I don't know what "conflicting txn meta" means, but here is an educated guess.

```suggestion
|[`sql.contention.record_serialization_conflicts.enabled`]({{ link_prefix }}cluster-settings.html#setting-sql-contention-record-serialization-conflicts-enabled) | enables recording `40001` errors, along with metadata about conflicting transactions, as `SERIALIZATION_CONFLICT` events into `crdb_internal.transaction_contention_events`.<br><br>**Default:** `true` | [Transaction executions](#transaction-executions-view)               |
```

Author: thanks for the suggestion! updated.
